README.md, before:

# Luna | [![Discord chat](https://img.shields.io/discord/1235328604506685551)](https://discord.gg/bqkGY7cmVX) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lare96/luna/master/LICENSE.txt)
Luna is a #377 RS2 server designed to be lightweight, fast, and easy to use.

Some of the sweetness within Luna
- high performing and scalable <b>where it matters most</b>
- flexible, event-based Kotlin plugin system for game content
- highly documented
- fully featured

# Getting started
Luna is currently unstable and therefore not ready to be used in a production environment. The first stable pre-release will be [v0.5](https://github.com/luna-rs/luna/milestone/3), which is planned for sometime in July, 2024.

An official client can be found [here](https://github.com/luna-rs/luna-client), and the cache can be found in the releases section on that page. To learn more about how to get started with Luna please visit the [wiki](https://github.com/luna-rs/luna/wiki).

For more help, inquiries, or just to discuss the state of the project please join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/udCqykV).

# Thanks
- blakeman8192 
- Graham
D

Commit message:

java plugins command plugin example

README.md, after:

The goal of this branch is to introduce java based plugins.

# Luna | [![Discord chat](https://img.shields.io/discord/1235328604506685551)](https://discord.gg/bqkGY7cmVX) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lare96/luna/master/LICENSE.txt)
Luna is a #377 RS2 server designed to be lightweight, fast, and easy to use.

Some of the sweetness within Luna
- high performing and scalable <b>where it matters most</b>
- flexible, event-based Kotlin plugin system for game content
- highly documented
- fully featured

# Getting started
Luna is currently unstable and therefore not ready to be used in a production environment. The first stable pre-release will be [v0.5](https://github.com/luna-rs/luna/milestone/3), which is planned for sometime in July, 2024.

An official client can be found [here](https://github.com/luna-rs/luna-client), and the cache can be found in the releases section on that page. To learn more about how to get started with Luna please visit the [wiki](https://github.com/luna-rs/luna/wiki).

For more help, inquiries, or just to discuss the state of the project please join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/udCqykV).

# Thanks
- blakeman8192 
- Graham
D
